Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!

I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.

Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.

What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta!

Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.

I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy.

Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.

Why don’t scientists trust stairs? Because they’re always up to something.

I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.

I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me Kit-Kat ads.

Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.

I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn’t like it.

What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.

I don't trust people who do acupuncture. They're back stabbers.

What did one wall say to the other wall? "I'll meet you at the corner."

Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.

Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? Because she will let it go.

How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.

Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.

What did the grape do when he got stepped on? Nothing but let out a little wine.

Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired!

Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems.

I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!

Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.

I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.

Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.

What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.

What does a nosy pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.

I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.

Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.

Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.

Why don’t some fish play piano? Because you can't tuna fish!

Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!

Why don’t elephants use computers? They're afraid of the mouse.

Why don't some cats play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!

What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite.

Why did the computer go to the doctor? Because it had a virus!

What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? "Supplies!"

Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks!

Why don't oysters donate to charity? Because they are shellfish.

Why don't some dogs make good dancers? Because they have two left feet!

What did the buffalo say when his son left for college? Bison.

Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? Because it's two-tired!

Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels.

What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.

Why did the scarecrow become a successful neurosurgeon? Because he was outstanding in his field.

Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.

Why don’t some frogs take the bus? Because they prefer to hop!

Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.

Why did the scarecrow become a successful neurosurgeon? Because he was outstanding in his field.
